Allow nullable Java Time parameters (#4013)
junit-team/junit5: documentation/src/docs/asciidoc/release-notes/release-notes-5.12.0-M1.adoc

[[release-notes-5.12.0-M1-junit-jupiter-new-features-and-improvements]]
==== New Features and Improvements

> * Add support for null-values in Java Time parameters using the `nullable`-attribute in `JavaTimeConversionPattern`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In a `@ParameterizedTest` method, a `null` value can now be supplied for Java Time types
  such as `LocalDate` if the new `nullable` attribute in `@JavaTimeConversionPattern` is
  set to `true`.
```

Author: Done 👍
